Update Linux dev cert trust instructions (#33221)
dotnet/AspNetCore.Docs: aspnetcore/security/docker-https.md

dotnet dev-certs https --trust
```

> Prior to 9.0, `dotnet dev-certs https --trust` is only supported on macOS and Windows. You need to trust certs on Linux in the way that is supported by your distribution. It is likely that you need to trust the certificate in your browser.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On Linux, `dotnet dev-certs https --trust` requires .NET 9 and later. For Linux on .NET 8 and earlier, see your Linux distribution's documentation for trusting a certificate.
```
